Helen welcome to this arts of Tauriel.
So we did the main steps we cleaned all the text all the reviews we created our bag of words moral and
now we have to do one more thing which is of course to build our machine learning to model and we can
do that because we have all our independent variables in this sparse matrix DDM here builds thanks to
this function documentary matrix.
And besides we applied a filter here to remove the non frequent words.
Well a few of them but still this considerably reduced the number of words in the matrix.
So that's always good for a model to run faster.
All right so now let's build a model.
So what we'll do is go to our files to get back to the part 3 classification because what we'll do of
course is take a classification model that we already built.
And we will apply on our tests here because out of this decs we managed to create a matrix of features
containing independent variables.
And of course we have one dependent variable which is the second column of our data set.
So I like to call them which tells of yes or no.
The review is positive.
So we have everything and therefore we only need to take our model now and therefore we go to Partha
reclassification.
And here we can find all our classification morals.
All right so which one to pick which one to choose for natural language processing.
Well in general based on experience the most common classification models used for natural language
processing are now base decision tree or random forest.
You also have the card model which is another type of decision tree model.
And you also have the maximum entropy model which is based on entropy as well like for decision trees.
So these models work very well for natural language processing and therefore he will pick one that is
related to entropy and that's the case for Decision Tree classification model as well as our Random
forest classification model because of course a run for us is a combination of trees making the same
predictions together.
And keep in mind that you can also use knowledge base which is commonly used as well for natural language
processing.
But here in this tutorial will choose random for classification.
So let's go into this section and here are all the files you know with the data set the classification
templates and our model in Python and our.
So let's one are.
So I'm just clicking on the file.
Here we go.
Model open here.
So what do we need here.
Well first of all let's notice that you know when we are using to run them for this classification model
we starting with a data set which is a data frame and that contains both the independent variables and
the dependent variable.
So what we have to do right now is go back to our natural language processing file and create exactly
the same.
That is create a data set containing independent variables and one dependent variable and that will
be the inputs of this model here because you know we have our data set here and then we use our dataset
in each of the code sections here.
And then you know we split the data sets into training set in a test set and we train our machinery
and classification model on the trend set here.
So it's we only have to do is just to create this dataset containing the independent variables and the
dependent variable.
So that's very simple we already have are independent variables.
But the problem is that our independent variables right now are in the Matrix because you know this
documentary matrix function returns a matrix of DGM is a matrix right now.
And as you remember in our classification models on our world this data set is a data frame.
It's not a matrix.
So we need to make sure that here for the inputs of the model that we are going to apply on this bag
of words small that we just created them to produce the totals.
Well we need to make sure that we have a data frame but that's actually very simple.
We just need to take our matrix and use the function as Dot data dot frame and we will put our sparse
matrix that GM inside and that will transform our DTN sparse matrix into a data frame.
So let's do this.
And since you know we are just going to copy paste or run them for us classification here.
Well since the input of this model is basically the data sets.
Well we will use the same name to create this data frame.
And so we will call that dataset data set equals and then that's when we use the as that data don't
frame.
Here it is.
That's the first one.
Here we go.
And so now we need to put the Matrix we want to transform into a data frame and that's of course d t
am.
And just to make sure we have the Matrix type expected by this as that data frame function well we need
to use here the function as dot matrix and put the DMAs input of this as matrix function because you
know this sparse matrix DTM here is definitely a matrix but it doesn't have the type expected by this
as that data frame function.
And to make sure we have the right Matrix type Well we need to use this dot matrix function.
Right.
Now let's be careful.
We lost one parenthesis.
So I'm just adding it all right.
Now we're good.
We are ready to transform our sparse matrix of features into a data frame.
So let's do it.
I'm going to select this line and executes all right.
And now it's interesting to see is that we have the real data set you know with all the reviews and
the rows and all the words that we took from the corpus and then were filtered thanks to this remove
sparse terms function.
Well we didn't see the full dataset here with this one thousand rows and all these 691 columns each
one corresponding to a word that comes from the reviews in the corpus.
And that was not filtered by the remove sparse terms function.
All right.
So here you can have a look at this huge table and we can clearly see here that this is a sparse matrix
because basically we can only see zeroes.
Well we have very few ones.
We have one here one here but all the rest is zeroes.
And so for example if I take this one here.
Well this one belongs to me also called him and to the 23rd row that is the 23rd review.
And so this one here means that the word also appears in the review 23.
All right so that's the sparse matrix.
And now you can really see what it is with your own eyes.
All right.
So let's go back to our natural language processing file.
So we have our data dataset which is now a data frame as we wanted but still incomplete.
You know why it's because the data set we start with in this random first classification model and in
general with classification models is a data frame.
So we're good on that but a data from content in both the independent variables and the dependent variable.
So what we need to do right now is and that has been invaluable to this data from data set because right
now it only contains the independent variables.
All right so you might remember how to add the dependent variable column to a data set that is the data
frame.
Remember we need to take our data set then add a dollar sign here and then after this data sign we can
either take one of the existing column here if we want to update the column or create a new column to
add to this dataset.
And that's exactly what we want to do.
We want to create a new column to this data set.
While that's an existing column that's the light column but we created for this data set because it
is new column and so will give to this column the same name as the real depend Roybal call him that
is light's all right so by doing this we are adding this new column that we call light and then equals
and then after this equal we need to specify what we want to add in this new column and what we want
to add is nothing else than the existing liked column of our dataset.
But be careful because our dataset was just a data to this new data frame and therefore we no longer
have the dataset that we imported originally.
So what we'll do is very simple We'll just rename the data set by adding a nun's core and then original.
We go and we will select this line again and executes.
All right so now we have our original data set and therefore we can have access to the liked column
of this original dataset which is going to be our dependent variable.
So let's add this dependent variable right now to our dataset.
And so to take this dependent variable we need to take our data sets original here this because that's
the original data set containing the dependent variable light.
And so to take this dependent variable vector we need to add a dollar sign here same and then take the
column we want which is the liked column.
All right so that's good.
By selecting this line and executing it we add the like dependent variable vector column to our dataset
already containing the independent variables that are all the filtered words of our clean revues in
the corpus.
All right so now we have everything we need and we are ready to take our machine or an investigation
all because we have our data set that not only is a data frame but also contains both the independent
variables and the dependent variable.
So we have everything what is expecting a them for us classification all here.
So where we only need to do here is say everything from here and not from here you know because this
section is to import the data set but we already have our data set that is ready for our classification
model.
So we just need to take everything from here because this is where the data set starts to be processed.
And so we take everything from here to here and we cannot take this because this is to plot the results
in 2D that is two independent variables.
And here since of course we have a lot more than two independent variables.
Well we cannot use this to plot the results but we will definitely have a look at the confusion matrix
to see the number of correct predictions as well as the number of incorrect predictions so that we can
evaluate the model performance.
All right so let's get back to our natural language processing file and we will face our random for
us classification model right here.
All right so now we just need to modify a very few things because everything is basically ready.
But let's see what we can modify.
Well first here in the section that encodes the target feature as vector Well of course we need to replace
this purchased dependent variable which was the dependent variable in part 3.
Well we need to replace it with our new depend Roybal which is liked.
All right and same here we replaced purchased by likes.
All right.
Good for the section then in the next section we split the datasets into the training set and a test
set.
Well that's very important to do this unless you want to create a new review but you know we will train
or run and for us classification models on say for example 800 reviews and we will test the predictive
power of run them for us on 200 new reviews on which are run them for us classification or wasn't a
trained and therefore these 200 reviews and the test set will be new reviews for a run for US classification
model.
And so we will see how it manages to predict whether each of these 200 reviews is positive or negative
and then that's in the confusing matrix that will see the number of correct predictions and the number
of incorrect predictions in this 200 new reviews.
All right so that's what is done in this section.
And since I just gave as an example 800 reviews to train the moral and 200 reviews to test it well let's
go with this choice of numbers and so we need to change the split ratio here to point 8 because that's
80 percent.
And we have 1000 reviews so 80 percent of 1000 reviews is 800 reviews to go to the trainset and therefore
200 reviews to go to the test set.
All right.
That's good and of course let's not forget to replace the per chaced variable here by our new depan
variable that is light.
All right so I think we're good with this section.
So now let's move onto the next one.
The next one is about feature scaling and so here do we need to apply future scaling.
Well not really because we only have zeros and ones in the sparse matrix of features and therefore we
don't have one independent variable dominating another independent variable.
So we don't need to play future skating so we will remove this section.
All right and so what about this one.
Yes of course we keep this one because this is the section where we build around them for us classification
model that will classify the reviews and that's where we train to run them for us classification model
on the training sets and therefore he will need to change two things.
First the index here that you know is the index of the dependent variable that we need to remove from
X because X is supposed to be the training set without the dependent variable.
So we need to remove it but the index of our newly been invaluable like it is not 3 but is six hundred
and ninety two we can see that here very easily.
So let's replace three by six hundred and ninety two.
All right good.
And now the second thing that we need to change is of course this per chaced here that we still need
to replace by liked this way.
And then if we want we can train our running for US classification with more trees.
Right now we have 10 trees so we will keep 10 trees that might be enough for our 1000 reviews which
is quite a small number of reviews and especially our six hundred ninety two words columns that we have
in our sparse matrix of features trees might be enough.
But of course you're welcome to try more around them for us gasification models with more trees.
So we're going with the section.
And now let's move on to the next one.
The next one is about predicting the test results so making the predictions on 200 new reviews.
That's our model won't know anything about and therefore for these new reviews are always going to try
to predict if those reviews are positive or negative.
And therefore it will be very interesting to see if it's making some correct predictions on your reviews.
So right now it's the same we have to replace this index here that corresponds to the index of the dependent
variable.
And so we need to replace three by.
Of course.
Six hundred ninety two.
That's exactly the same as we did for the trading set here.
And so now we're good for this section.
We're finally getting to the last section that is making the confusion matrix.
That's the interesting section that will tell us the number of correct predictions and the number of
incorrect predictions for these two hundred new reviews.
So we will see that right now.
But of course we need to replace this 3 index that corresponds to the index of the dependent variable
still the same and replace it by 692.
All right so now everything is good.
We are ready to train around for us classification model on our 800 reviews of the training set and
then evaluate the predictive power of our model on our 200 new reviews in the test set.
So let's do it since we already executed everything up to here.
What we need to do now is just select everything from here to the bottom.
And now we're good.
We just need to press commando control controllers and to execute to train them all and test it on the
test set and eventually have a look at the number of correct predictions and the number of incorrect
predictions on 200 new reviews.
So let's do it.
I'm going to press him and press enter to execute.
And here we go everything worked properly great.
So let's have a look.
We will have a look at the confusion matrix of course by typing here.
See em in the console.
Here we go.
So let's see what we have.
We have 17:9 correct predictions of negative reviews.
70 correct predictions of positive reviews.
Twenty one incorrect predictions of negative reviews and 30 incorrect predictions of positive reviews.
All right so that's actually not too bad.
No because we only had eight hundred reviews to train the model.
That's not much when you're working with text and therefore 30 plus 21 equals 51.
Incorrect prediction is not bad.
Out of 200 new reviews when you know that you're trend your classification model on only 800 reviews
and actually let's have a look at the accuracy the accuracy is the number of correct predictions.
That is 79 plus 70 divided by the total number of observations in the test set and that is 200.
So let's have a look at the accuracy.
Pressing enter here and the accuracy is seventy four point five percent.
So again that's not bad considering the fact that we trained our model on only 800 reviews and you'll
clearly see that if you had a lot more reviews to train your classification model you will get a much
better accuracy.
All right so that's dead of natural language processing and our congratulations for having completed
all this creating the backwards model training classification model and this dataset.
But that's not the end of your natural language processing journey because right after this video you'll
get a little challenge.
So I will let you find out about that.
And until then enjoy machine learning